Hey Gemini, I have a new project I want to work on for State of Decay 2.

# Background
State of Decay 2 has a system of menus for interacting with the base. I want to automate some of the tasks that can be performed from the base menu. Currently I'm using a macro that I created with the software that came with my Logitech mouse. However, the game menu has some glitches sometimes which causes the macro to break. Once the macro breaks it starts activating incorrect menu items and possibly causes damage to my base in the game. Once it even deconstructed one of my important base structures and it took me several hours to return the base back to normal operation.

# Project Overview
I want to create my own utility for automating tasks in the State of Decay 2 menus. I want to use an AI model that can take input from the screen and determine which menu item is currently selected. I'll write a program that initiates key strokes and mouse clicks and uses the model to verify that the user input is positioned on the correct menu item before sending the key to activate the menu.

This project would be interesting just on it's own, because it will help automate some of the boring tasks in the game that eat up the time when I can actually play the game, but I want this project to be more. I want this project to be a way for me to get a foothold in AI development. I know a bit about AI development from watching videos about it on YouTube, but I still don't know how to actually create an AI model and get it to do something useful. So I want this project to be a way for me to learn the basics of building a model so I can start using them in my programming projects and also once I start to wrap my head around AI development, then maybe I will be able to learn a lot more and eventually switch my profession from software engineer to some kind of a applied AI engineer or something.

So as we are working through this project there are some things that I want you to keep in mind. I am an expert with JavaScript and I have 13 years of experience as a front end engineer. I have very little experience with python or any of the tools used for AI. So I would appreciate tips on conventions that python developers use and the more engineering approach to developing with python. You can structure your explination about python by giving examples that explain how it maps to JavaScript since I have so much experience with it. But I really want to learn python best practices from this project too.

# Project status
I worked with two previous instances of Gemini to build the current code base. In the first session Gemini had some kind of formatting issue which caused it to always scroll up to the same part of our chat after every prompt. It got really annoying after the chat grew significantly from that sticking point. I had to keep scrolling down through piles of chat to see new responses. The second session was going strong but then started to show signs that it's context limit had been reached and it was starting to forget stuff we had done previously. It couldn't remember one of the functions that it had written. I had copy/pasted some code from that session into src/tools/generate_synthetic_data.py, so I'm not sure if we can trust the implementation direction in that file. I think our first step is going to be review it and decompose it into a few modules. That way we can avoid making too many changes when a Gemini session attempts to refactor.

The problem that me and the previous session were stuck on is that the models we've trained keeps getting overfitted to the training data. Here is what we tried so far for data:
- I captured about 500 screenshots of the game menus in different states. This kind of worked but but when I changed the position of the workshop facility the model stopped recognizing it as a workshop. So it seemed like the model had learned that the workshop was always in the same x,y position on the screen.
- The next attempt was to try to generate synthetic training data so the facility icons could be placed anywhere on the scree. The generated images had a pure black background and the model learned that the black color was required for the menu to be selected. I was able to show this by taking a screenshot of the workshop selected from the game and I deleted portions of the color around the icon and the selection rectangle and replaced them with pure black color. Eventually when I cleared enough of the color out the model started to report that it was the selected workshop facility.
- The next attemp was to add noise to the background to force the model to understand that there can be any colors around the icon and the selection rectangle. So I took 12 screenshots from the game without the base menu being open. Just shots of the game world. In the training data we used those screenshots as the background to the image with the facility icons being rendered on top in random locations. This still didn't work, the model seemed to have learned that the three facility icons that were used in the training data indicated that the workshop was selected. So it would report workshop selected any time the menu was opened.
- The final thing we tried was allowing the facility icons to sometimes not be rendered. We hoped that this would force the model to understand that the icon existance does not automatically mean that the workshop is selected, the workshop icon must also have the selection rectangle around it.

Do you have any follow up questions you would like to ask to get more context before we get started?